From Chris:
1. There should be a TOGA criteria for the Bigelow years, similar to the SHG criteria for Albatross years. The default for 
TOGA is 132X (where X means any value). When I looked at a Georges Bank yellowtail flounder run for the Bigelow years, 
the shiny app had many more Tows than I did in my ADIOS run.
     *TOGA codes added

2. In the SHG boxes, I could not read the values that I entered. When I tried to just delete them for a Bigelow years run, 
it caused the program to crash.
     *Fixed

3. A plot of the numbers over time would be a useful default output.
      *Fixed

4. In the csv file that is saved, it would be nice to capture the input settings (e.g., length range (with a note if full 
length range selected), and whether any calibrations were applied.
      *Fixed

5. Also in the csv file, the species seems to default to BLACK SEA BASS no matter what species you actually use. The strata 
listed in the csv file did not correspond to the strata I selected in the shiny app (perhaps clicking on the strata out of 
order caused a problem?).
      *Fixed

6. I do not understand how you can select a range of ages because not every fish is aged. When I tried to limit the ages, 
it caused the program to crash. Perhaps this slider could be removed?
     *Addressed - more explanation now in help and the algorithm was changed per 18 below.


7. In the maps, when I click on a bubble it would nice to add the year because I couldn't tell which year it was within 
the set of years that I looked at. Alternatively, would it be easy to add a pull down menu for year that includes the 
option for "All" as well as each individual year? Could go crazy and animate it over the years if really want to get fancy.


8. The program crashes if I select only a single stratum.
      *Fixed



From Gary:
9. I ran the sea bass for Bigelow years and got a 2014 VarNatLength string of NA. There was data in the NatLength. In that 
     year strata combo there were 99 tows. Is it possible it ids it as missing?

10.Would be nice to have a graph with # per tow along with the wt
      *Fixed

11.Most people are now using TOGA instead of SHG

12.The map does not download. When I go to the download it says no file available and that is it, the run with the map is 
     now gone. Poof.
      *Fixed (moved everything inside the observeEvent function which makes all the reactives visible to the download handlers
         -also fixed the naming conventions on the files for all downloads. 


From Jon:
13. Error message logic is not correct (strata listed as with 0 tows have tows).
       *Fixed

14. User inputs output in csv are not correct.
       *Fixed

15. Size/age error message is not working correctly.
       *Fixed (I removed these as they are no longer needed with dynamic age/length ranges).

16. Certain selections of strata cause the app to break (slecting from bottom upwards seems to do it).[see 19 below]

17. Stratum 03920 is listed twice in chooser - should check all strata to make sure they are legit and in data. 

18. Limiting the ages worked great for me and I had no crashes.  For herring, we don't use the age-1 indices because
they seem to just be noise.  So when I limited the age range to begin at age-2, I got the indices at age and the 
annual sums only over the age ranges I wanted.  I would recommend, however, that you check to make sure that you do 
all the calculations with the inclusion of all ages, but then only leave the unwanted ages out of the report files.  
For example, include age-1 when doing the auto-fill in the ALKs, but then delete the age-1 column from the .csv, rdat, 
and annual index total.
               *Fixed

19.  I also get a crash with only a single stratum.  I have also caused crashes when selecting small ranges of strata, 
although in these cases I'm usually selecting strata that I typically wouldn't use for herring.  I suspect the problem 
may be with a single tow in a given stratum that would cause an NA or something when trying to calculate a variance or 
perhaps a zero in a denominator somewhere, but I'm just guessing.


From Dan:
1.) Add a progress bar for the map download button (takes 3 sec or so and user might hot button again otherwise).







